Music and Video Recommendation

From the speech model and text model we predict the emotion of the user and after that we recommend music and videos

Music Recommendation
Every emotion is associated with a particular music features.
Music features include tempo, loudness, energy, danceability, valence, acousticness, instrumentalness, liveness, speechiness, key, mode, time signature, duration, and genre.
We use the Spotify API to get the music features of the songs and then we recommend the songs based on the emotion of the user.
For our Recommendation we focus on the following features:
1. Acousticness
2. Danceability
3. Energy
4. Instrumentalness
5. Valence
6. Tempo

A happy song has a high energy, high valence, and a fast tempo. 
A sad song has a low energy, low valence, and a slow tempo. 
A angry song has a high energy, low valence, and a fast tempo.
A relaxed song has a low energy, high valence, and a slow tempo.

If the user's emotion is "Sad" then we recommend happy songs with high energy, high valence, and a fast tempo.
If the user's emotion is "Happy" then we recommend happy songs with medium energy, medium valence, and a medium tempo.
If the user's emotion is "Angry" then we recommend relaxed songs with low energy, high valence, and a slow tempo.
If the user's emotion is "Neutral" the we recommend happy songs with high energy, high valence, and a fast tempo.
If the user's emotion is "Fear" then we recommend relaxed songs with low energy, high valence, and a slow tempo.

Video Recommendation

We created a small datasets of channels and videos to recommend to the user based on the emotion of the user.
We recommend videos based on the following features:
1. If "Happy" the we recommend Educational videos, News, and Entertainment videos.
2. If "Sad" then we recommend Comedy and Entertainment videos.
3. If "Angry" then we recommend Comedy and Entertainment videos.
4. If "Neutral" then we recommend Comedy, Educational, Entertainment, and News videos.
5. If "Fear" then we recommend Comedy, Educational, Entertainment, and News videos.